best-practice: support extra strategy for fine-tuning the performance in massive regions (#18221)
pingcap/docs: best-practices/massive-regions-best-practices.md

    ![Check Propose wait duration](/media/best-practices/propose-wait-duration.png)

> + `Commit log duration`  in the **Raft IO** panel

Author: ```suggestion
+ `Commit log duration` in the **Raft IO** panel
```

>     `Commit log duration` is the time Raftstore takes to commit Raft logs to the majority of members in the respective Region. A high value for this metric, with significant fluctuations, indicates that the workload on Raftstore is heavy, the append log operation is slow, or Raft logs cannot be committed timely due to network congestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `Commit log duration` is the time Raftstore takes to commit Raft logs to the majority of members in the respective Region. A high value for this metric, with significant fluctuations, indicates that:
    
     - The workload on Raftstore is heavy.
     - The append log operation is slow.
     - Or Raft logs cannot be committed timely due to network congestion.
```

>     `Commit log duration` is the time Raftstore takes to commit Raft logs to the majority of members in the respective Region. If this metric value is high and shows significant fluctuations, it indicates that the workload of Raftstore is heavy, the append log operation is slow, or Raft logs cannot be committed timely due to network congestion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `Commit log duration` is the time Raftstore takes to commit Raft logs to the majority of members in the respective Region. A high value for this metric, with significant fluctuations, indicates that the workload on Raftstore is heavy, the append log operation is slow, or Raft logs cannot be committed timely due to network congestion..
```

    ![Check Propose wait duration](/media/best-practices/propose-wait-duration.png)

+ `Commit log duration` in the **Raft IO** panel

>     `Commit log duration` is the time Raftstore takes to commit Raft logs to the majority of members in the respective Region. The possible reasons for a high value of this metric with significant fluctuations include the following:
>      - The workload on Raftstore is heavy.
>      - The append log operation is slow.
>      - Raft logs cannot be committed timely due to network congestion.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
    `Commit log duration` is the time Raftstore takes to commit Raft logs to the majority of members in the respective Region. The possible reasons for a high value of this metric with significant fluctuations include the following:

    - The workload on Raftstore is heavy.
    - The append log operation is slow.
    - Raft logs cannot be committed timely due to network congestion.

```

    ![Check Propose wait duration](/media/best-practices/propose-wait-duration.png)

+ `Commit log duration` in the **Raft IO** panel

    `Commit log duration` is the time Raftstore takes to commit Raft logs to the majority of members in the respective Region. The possible reasons for a high value of this metric with significant fluctuations include the following:

>     

Author: ```suggestion

```

     - The workload on Raftstore is heavy.
     - The append log operation is slow.
     - Raft logs cannot be committed timely due to network congestion.

>     Reference value: lower than 200-500 ms.

Author: ```suggestion
  Reference value: lower than 200-500 ms.
```

> + The query performance, especially for queries that deal with a large range of data, might decrease.
> + The Region scheduling slows down.

> ### Method 7: Increase the number of connections for Raft communication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Method 7: Increase the maximum number of connections for Raft communication
```

> By default, the number of connections used for Raft communication between TiKV nodes is 1. Increasing this number can help alleviate blockage issues caused by heavy communication workloads of a large number of Regions. For detailed instructions, see [`grpc-raft-conn-num`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#grpc-raft-conn-num).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the maximum number of connections used for Raft communication between TiKV nodes is 1. Increasing this number can help alleviate blockage issues caused by heavy communication workloads of a large number of Regions. For detailed instructions, see [`grpc-raft-conn-num`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#grpc-raft-conn-num).
```

> **Note:**
>

> > To reduce unnecessary thread switching overhead and prevent negative impacts from batch processing, it is recommended to set the number within the range of `[1, 4]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> To reduce unnecessary thread switching overhead and mitigate potential negative impacts from batch processing, it is recommended to set the number within the range of `[1, 4]`.
```
